title: Goodbye, Mozilla
published: yes
date: 2013-09-01 12:11

You know, I wish I had better writing skills. It is something that I never
really picked up during my years here. As I sit here in this chair moving at
almost 1000 km/hr 10 km above sea level, not knowing how to put my thoughts
about the last few months into words, writing skills certainly would have been
really handy. However, none of this shall prevent me from _at least_ trying.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mozilla has treated me well and Silicon Valley is an amazing place to be. I
cannot believe how much I learned here: from building web applications in a
bigger scale to statistics, and even things like pool and Rockband[0]. My
abilities have grown tremendously since I've joined (and now departed)
Mozilla.

Perhaps more importantly, I've made new friends. It was ultra fun to hang out
with these people: whether it is arguing over Vim or Emacs[1], hanging out
around Castro street, or playing pool and rockband at the office. These are
some of the brightest people in the world and it has absolutely been a
privilege to be with them.

But alas, it is time for me to head home. My adventure to Silicon Valley is
officially coming to an end. Thank you to all of those who made this possible.

Friends: keep in touch and keep on bringing the awesome. I wish all of you luck
with your future endeavours[2]. Our paths will cross again. :D

Mozilla: Keep on rocking the free web and watch out for bug fixes from me!
Also, would you please give me back my editbugs permission? :)

Silicon Valley: Although occasionally overwhelmed by all your startups and
what not, you've been fantastic and I will certainly miss all of the
technobabble I overhear on the streets.

Everyone else: come and work for Mozilla! You won't regret it. ;)

[0]: I made a presentation about my professional activities here at Mozilla
and it is here:
[https://air.mozilla.org/intern-presentation-wu/](https://air.mozilla.org/intern-presentation-wu/)

[1]: I don't think ever had a Vim/Emacs argument. So... obviously it is time
to start one.

[2]: Stole this phrase from a friend :P
